Root:
	name			The name of this configuration
	summary			A brief description of this configuration's intent
	enabled			Boolean: Display in the GUI only if this is true.
	player			The configuration of the player
	npcs			Configurations for NPC's
	all_npcs		Common settings for all npcs
	flags			Global flags to set. This can seriously break things, so make sure you know what you're doing.

player: (All elements are optional)
	gender			The player's gender. When not specified, let the player choose at startup. Values: male, female, herm, asex
	attributes		Map of starting attributes. Any unspecified attributes are set to 5 for basics, 0 for advanced
	attribute_points The amount of points the player can spend on attributes. Defaults to 11.
	money			Starting cash. Defaults to 0
	level			Starting level. Defaults to 1
	xp				Starting XP. Defaults to 0
	traits			Starting traits. Defaults to an empty list
	trait_choice    Boolean value. When true, allows the player to pick two starting traits, like normal. If "traits" is specified, these are added to the list. Defaults to true.
	body			The player's body. If unspecified, defaults to the default body for the player's gender. See below.
	clothing		The initial clothing. Defaults to standard clothing for the character or gender. If set, make sure to specify the complete outfit.
	
npcs: List of objects of the following format:
	type (mandatory)The NPC's type. No more than 1 NPC of each type may be specified.
	name			The NPC's name. Defaults to the type's standard name.
	start           Whether the NPC is available at the start of the game. Defaults to false.
	<all elements from player, except trait_choice. Gender instead defaults to female>
	
all_npcs:
	start           Whether the NPC is available at the start of the game. Defaults to false.
	<all elements from player, except trait_choice. Gender instead defaults to female>
	<parameters in all_npcs can be overridden in individual npcs>
	
body:
	<uses the gender's standard body as a base>
	archetype		One of the advanced classes. This applies things like genital mods, wings, tails and such. Can be overridden by other body parameters. Possible values are regular, succubus, cat, angel, cyborg, witch and slime. A value of "regular" will reset a character's parts to human.
	genitals		The body's genitals. If unspecified, use the gender's genitals. If specified, the body will have precisely these genitals, not the default ones.
	breasts			The breasts. Should be a number (0 is flat, 9 is colossal/h cup). Defaults to flat for male/asex, b for female/herm.
	ass				The ass. Defaults to the regular ass, the only alternative (currently) is AnalPussy.
	ears			Defaults to normal, can also be pointed or cat
	tail			Defaults to none, can also be demonic or cat. (Slimy variations not supported)
	wings			Defaults to none, can alse be angelic or demonic.
	tentacles		List of parts to which tentacles should be attached. Defaults to empty. Valid entries are ass, mouth, pussy, hands, feet tail and cock. If you try to hook a tentacle to a part the body doesn't have, that's an error. If set, will remove any original tentacles the character had.
	hotness			Decimal value. Scales temptation damage. Defaults to 1.0	

genitals: (again, both are optional)
	cock			See below
	pussy			Defaults to normal, can be a body mod class (eg nightgames.characters.body.mods.ArcaneHoleMod for arcane pussy) Check the source code (or maybe wiki if I have time) to see possible options.
	
cock:
	type			Defaults to basic, can also be slimy, runic, blessed, incubus, primal, bionic, enlightened
	length			Defaults to average (6), can be 3 (tiny) to 10 (massive)
